Sister, are you finally willing to see me? What are you doing?
Didn't you know what happened in the previous hotel?
No, no, although it wasn’t intentional
But it also caused losses to my sister
I didn’t come here specifically to apologize to my sister today. You don’t need me to know.
My sister still refuses to forgive me
No sister, kneel down?
Thank you sister for your forgiveness
I won't forgive you
Do you want to behave yourself?
Lin Long, what's your attitude?
I said it all
you pull me out
I won't forgive her either
It doesn’t matter whether you say my journalistic skills are blue or not
No matter how disrespectful you are,
I'm not here, you and me
I don't blame my sister
Don't make your sister angry either
This time I am the one who controls the servants and never leaves them.
But can you do it for me after all?
Morning, there is no need to be angry with such a person
Come on, let's get up first
If my sister doesn't forgive me
I've been unable to get up
Morning must be mine
Can you get up first and say yes?
early morning early morning